# _Recipe App_

#### _An android app to find and organize recipes, 05-26-2017_

####  By _**Janek Brandt**_

## Description

This project is an android application that allows users to discover and manage recipes. A user is able to search for new recipes and add them to their recipe book to easily find them again later. A user can also add their own recipes to their recipe book by entering them in through the app. A meal plan can be created for the week using the recipes a user has in their recipe book.

### Setup/Installation

 * This project uses the [Spoonacular](https://spoonacular.com/food-api) API to retrieve recipe data. Place your API key in the `gradle.properties` file.
```
SpoonKey = "{YOUR_API_KEY}"
```

This project needs to be associated with a firebase project.
 * Log into firebase and create a new project. 
 * Click on "Add firebase project to your android app" and follow the instructions on screen. 
 * The `google-services.json` file generated by firebase will need to be placed in the `/app` folder.
 * Go to the Authentication tab in the firebase console and click on "SIGN-IN METHOD".
 * Click on Email/Password and click enable.

### License

_MIT License_

Copyright (c) 2017 - Janek Brandt

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.